The referendum, devolution, actually in 1997 my husband and I were quite involved with politics
and we went on a TV program that was filmed in the Celtic Royal here, the hotel, with Vincent Kane.
I don't think we've heard anything of him for a long time, but he came here and did a program,
you know, a bit like Question Time, you know, where people went along and got their views on that.
The launch of S.W.C. Well, of course, that happened before I came back here,
but I do watch Countdown.
So the devolution campaign, I mean, do you remember what was on television in the run-up to the
referendum in 1997? Well, we watched the political discussions that were on at the time.
I can't say I remember a great deal about it. I think not being Welsh, we hadn't known a great
deal about the sort of way things had gone here in Wales. Certainly not until then. I think that
opened our eyes onto the way things had happened in Wales over many hundreds of years, actually,
you know, because I didn't know a great deal about Welsh history until I came to live here.
But we did get involved in that campaign. I mean, I must say we went to this television
church show with Vincent Kane. Did you stay up to watch the results?
Oh, yes. Well, yes. My husband and I have always watched, always stayed up to watch
all the election results. My husband was an agent for, well, I won't tell you which party,
but he was an agent for prospective MPs until he died a couple of years ago.
We were always quite involved in politics.